Pods/JSQMessagesViewController/README.md, before:

![JSQMessagesViewController banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/develop/Assets/jsq_messages_banner.png)

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController) [![Version Status](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/JSQMessagesViewController.svg)][podLink] [![license MIT](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/JSQMessagesViewController.svg)][mitLink] [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController) [![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/JSQMessagesViewController.svg)][docsLink]

![Screenshot0][img0] &nbsp;&nbsp; ![Screenshot1][img1] &nbsp;&nbsp;

![Screenshot2][img2] &nbsp;&nbsp; ![Screenshot3][img3]

> More screenshots available at [CocoaControls](https://www.cocoacontrols.com/controls/jsqmessagesviewcontroller)

## Features

See the [website](http://www.jessesquires.com/JSQMessagesViewController/) for the list of features.

## Design Goals

- Closely mimic the [iOS Messages](http://www.apple.com/ios/messages/) style and behavior
- [SOLID](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SOLID_(object-oriented_design)) design
- Easy customization and extension for clients

## Dependencies

* [JSQSystemSoundPlayer][playerLink]

## Requirements

* iOS 7.0+
* ARC

## Installation

### [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org/) (recommended)

````ruby
# For latest release in cocoapods
pod 'JSQMessagesViewController'

# Latest on develop
pod 'JSQMessagesViewController', :git => 'https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController.git', :branch => 'develop'

# For version 5.3.2
pod 'JSQMessagesViewController', :git => 'https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController', :branch => 'version_5.3.2_patch'
````

## Getting Started

See the [Getting Started](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/Documentation/getting_started.md) guide!

## Questions & Help

* Review the [FAQ](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/Documentation/faq.md).
* Search issues for previous and current [questions](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/issues?utf8=✓&q=label%3A%22questions+%26+help%22+). *Do not open duplicates.*
* [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/jsqmessagesviewcontroller) is often the most appropriate place for questions and help. We have our own tag, `jsqmessagesviewcontroller`.
* See the [Migration Guide](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/Documentation/migration.md) for migrating between major versions of the library.
* **Only ask questions that are _specific_ to this library.**
* **Please avoid emailing questions.** I prefer to keep questions and their answers open-source.

## Documentation

Read the docs, [available here][docsLink] via [@CocoaDocs](https://twitter.com/CocoaDocs).

## Core team

- Jesse Squires ([**@jesse_squires**](https://twitter.com/jesse_squires))
- Harlan Haskans ([**@harlanhaskins**](https://github.com/harlanhaskins))
- Eli Burke ([**@eliburke**](https://github.com/eliburke))

## Contributing

Please follow these sweet [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> **Interested in becoming a core contributor with push access? See our [onboarding guide](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/Documentation/contributor_onboarding.md) for details.**

## Donate

Support the development of this **free** library! **[Donate](https://cash.me/$jsq)** via [Square Cash](https://cash.me/).

## Credits

* Created and maintained by [**@jesse_squires**](https://twitter.com/jesse_squires).
* Many thanks to [**the contributors**](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/graphs/contributors) of this project.
* iOS assets extracted using [**@0xced**](https://github.com/0xced) / [iOS-Artwork-Extractor](https://github.com/0xced/iOS-Artwork-Extractor).

## Apps using this library

According to [CocoaPods stats](https://cocoapods.org/pods/JSQMessagesViewController), over **9,000 apps** are using `JSQMessagesViewController`. [Here are the ones](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/Documentation/apps_using_this_library.md) that we know about. Please submit a [pull request](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/compare) to add your app! :smile:

## License

`JSQMessagesViewController` is released under an [MIT License][mitLink]. See `LICENSE` for details.

>**Copyright &copy; 2013-present Jesse Squires.**

*Please provide attribution, it is greatly appreciated.*

[docsLink]:http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/JSQMessagesViewController/
[podLink]:https://cocoapods.org/pods/JSQMessagesViewController
[mitLink]:http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[playerLink]:https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQSystemSoundPlayer

[img0]:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/develop/Screenshots/screenshot0.png
[img1]:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/develop/Screenshots/screenshot1.png
[img2]:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/develop/Screenshots/screenshot2.png
[img3]:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/develop/Screenshots/screenshot3.png

Commit message:

pod update
Crashlytics 3.8.5 -> 3.9.0
Facebook 4.22.0 -> 4.27.1
Fabric 1.6.11 -> 1.7.1
Firebase 3.16.0 -> 4.4.0
JSQMessagesVC 7.3.4 -> 7.3.5 (This needs to be swapped for MessageKit)
OneSignal 2.5.2 -> 2.5.6
SDWebImage 4.0.0 -> 4.1.2
TOCropVC 2.0.12 -> 2.1.0
Twitter 2.8.0 -> 3.0.2

Pods/JSQMessagesViewController/README.md, after:

[![No Maintenance Intended](http://unmaintained.tech/badge.svg)](http://unmaintained.tech/)

# :warning: Deprecated :warning:

This library is deprecated. Please read [my blog post](http://www.jessesquires.com/blog/officially-deprecating-jsqmessagesviewcontroller/) for details.


![JSQMessagesViewController banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/develop/Assets/jsq_messages_banner.png)

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController) [![Version Status](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/JSQMessagesViewController.svg)][podLink] [![license MIT](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/JSQMessagesViewController.svg)][mitLink] [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController) [![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/JSQMessagesViewController.svg)][docsLink]

------------------------

![Screenshot0][img0] &nbsp;&nbsp; ![Screenshot1][img1] &nbsp;&nbsp;

![Screenshot2][img2] &nbsp;&nbsp; ![Screenshot3][img3]

> More screenshots available at [CocoaControls](https://www.cocoacontrols.com/controls/jsqmessagesviewcontroller)

## Features

See the [website](http://jessesquires.github.io/JSQMessagesViewController) for the list of features.

## Design Goals

- Closely mimic the [iOS Messages](http://www.apple.com/ios/messages/) style and behavior
- [SOLID](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SOLID_(object-oriented_design)) design
- Easy customization and extension for clients

## Dependencies

* [JSQSystemSoundPlayer][playerLink]

## Requirements

* iOS 7.0+
* ARC

## Installation

### [CocoaPods](https://cocoapods.org/) (recommended)

````ruby
# For latest release in cocoapods
pod 'JSQMessagesViewController'

# Latest on develop
pod 'JSQMessagesViewController', :git => 'https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController.git', :branch => 'develop'

# For version 5.3.2
pod 'JSQMessagesViewController', :git => 'https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController', :branch => 'version_5.3.2_patch'
````

## Getting Started

See the [Getting Started](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/Documentation/getting_started.md) guide!

## Questions & Help

* Review the [FAQ](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/Documentation/faq.md).
* Search issues for previous and current [questions](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/issues?utf8=✓&q=label%3A%22questions+%26+help%22+). *Do not open duplicates.*
* [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/jsqmessagesviewcontroller) is often the most appropriate place for questions and help. We have our own tag, `jsqmessagesviewcontroller`.
* See the [Migration Guide](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/Documentation/migration.md) for migrating between major versions of the library.
* **Only ask questions that are _specific_ to this library.**
* **Please avoid emailing questions.** I prefer to keep questions and their answers open-source.

## Documentation

Read the docs, [available here][docsLink] via [@CocoaDocs](https://twitter.com/CocoaDocs).

## Core team

- Jesse Squires ([**@jesse_squires**](https://twitter.com/jesse_squires))
- Harlan Haskans ([**@harlanhaskins**](https://github.com/harlanhaskins))
- Eli Burke ([**@eliburke**](https://github.com/eliburke))

## Contributing

Please follow these sweet [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> **Interested in becoming a core contributor with push access? See our [onboarding guide](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/Documentation/contributor_onboarding.md) for details.**

## Donate

Support the development of this **free** library! **[Donate](https://cash.me/$jsq)** via [Square Cash](https://cash.me/).

## Credits

* Created and maintained by [**@jesse_squires**](https://twitter.com/jesse_squires).
* Many thanks to [**the contributors**](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/graphs/contributors) of this project.
* iOS assets extracted using [**@0xced**](https://github.com/0xced) / [iOS-Artwork-Extractor](https://github.com/0xced/iOS-Artwork-Extractor).

## Apps using this library

According to [CocoaPods stats](https://cocoapods.org/pods/JSQMessagesViewController), over **36,000 apps** are using `JSQMessagesViewController`. [Here are the ones](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/blob/develop/Documentation/apps_using_this_library.md) that we know about. Please submit a [pull request](https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/compare) to add your app! :smile:

## License

`JSQMessagesViewController` is released under an [MIT License][mitLink]. See `LICENSE` for details.

>**Copyright &copy; 2013-present Jesse Squires.**

*Please provide attribution, it is greatly appreciated.*

[docsLink]:http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/JSQMessagesViewController/
[podLink]:https://cocoapods.org/pods/JSQMessagesViewController
[mitLink]:http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[playerLink]:https://github.com/jessesquires/JSQSystemSoundPlayer

[img0]:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/develop/Screenshots/screenshot0.png
[img1]:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/develop/Screenshots/screenshot1.png
[img2]:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/develop/Screenshots/screenshot2.png
[img3]:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jessesquires/JSQMessagesViewController/develop/Screenshots/screenshot3.png
